Can you believe in magic and hourglass poetry?
"It's okay now." Two people are here alone
The various temperatures I touched for the first time melted my quivering heart
"It's okay now, eat it before it gets cold."
Colorless and transparent things are painted on the cheeks
All emotions spill
You cast a spell on a crybaby that couldn't scream
Parallel lines Flapping butterflies
Connect two dots and dots with you
I want to be with you  I want to be next to you
no matter what the ending
What do you want to do with the margin of life?
What do you want to touch with that hand?
Destiny and fate have nothing to do with us
Shining world
Because you believed in me, the scenery I see is beginning to change color.
"It's okay now." because you're not alone anymore
I've forgotten how I used to tremble.
Now I find your kindness hot and a little disturbing
"It's okay now. Eat it before it gets cold."
My heart rate goes up
I learned the emotion of love
Life was supposed to be normal for a long time to come
The magic melts away in a cruel way
Margins that were supposed to be painted are being cut away
What you touch crumbles from your hands
The words that I will tell you someday will never reach you
because my voice has already become hoarse
There doesn't have to be magic
You're all I need
How many more words can I say about my feelings for you?
I'm sure... I'll see you again somewhere
Cherry blossoms swaying in the spring wind
Everyday life, a world where the ordinary is commonplace
One small footstep signals the dawn.
Parallel lines Fluttering butterflies
When you connect the dots, they Disappearing like a dream
It is a shining world that no one knows
It is a certain world that no one knows
If there was magic in this world, then parallels might cross
It's a miracle we can laugh at each other and say there's no way that's possible.
Disappearing like a dream
A shining world that no one knows
Can you believe in magic and hourglass poetry?
"It's okay now." Two people are here alone
just now
Akane : Hey, if three wishes come true, why do you wish? Actually, I watched a movie yesterday
Haru : Oh, "Gosenfu to tsuki to affogato"? I also saw
Akane : I see! Kinagi-kun was really cool, wasn't it?
Akane : ...Oh so
You've made three wishes come true in that movie, right? What would Haru wish for?
Haru : Hmm ... if you can live as usual, that's fine
Akane : Why do you say that～? There's something more
Haru : You say so, but what does Akane hope for?
Akane : After all, I want to be a body that doesn't get fat no matter how much I eat ~ I also want money because I want to buy clothes and cosmetics ...
Oh, wouldn't it be nice if I could use magic?
Haru : That's sly!
Then I want to be taller and smarter, and ...